Docs: ref objects how-to guide (#598)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/end-user/components/ref-objects.md

---

> title: Duplicate Kubernetes Objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Distribute External Kubernetes Objects
```

---

> Sometimes, you may want to duplicate existing Kubernetes objects. For example, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may want to distribute existing Kubernetes objects from control plane into different clusters. For example, 
```
